this is a brief introduction to my
decrypting the Bible series what I'd
like to point out is my personal
philosophy and cracking Biblical
allegories this includes my presumptions
my methodology and why it is I think
it's important to crack these allegories
and I'd like to start off with a
presumption that I make the prophetic
writings of the biblical authors are
highly misunderstood by both Christians
and everyone else the presumption that I
make is that the authors were not trying
to be diabolical nor were they trying to
be fiction writers and for example I'd
like to use the Book of Daniel this book
was probably written around 150 BCE but
he's talking about events well before
500 BCE and he's saying they haven't
come yet
unless this guy lived to be 400 years
old we have a problem and at first
glance it's very easy to dismiss this
writer and say he's lying
however this author believes that time
is circular essentially the author is
saying the things that have happened
before have a bearing on things that are
to come and every single prophetic book
of the Bible the Bible was written in
the manner of prophesying the return of
the past the Daniel author speaks of
very real events encrypts them in
allegory and then offers the allegories
as prophecy of the future if you crack
the allegory you end up getting back to
real historical events or characters and
I love real things the allegorical
prophetic part holds nothing for me
however I have difficulty subjecting
writers from around 2,000 years ago to
today's standards these are people that
believed in a flat earth a young earth
geocentrism and all kinds of wild
stories obviously by today's standards
the writers would be considered a bit
off and if someone wrote like this today
they'd be obscure and the writings would
see a karela tively quick demise
however 2,000 years ago these writings
would have been typical religious
writings I'd rather leave these authors
in their own time rather than drag them
out kicking and screaming into my time
now the methodology I use is mostly
philosophical unfortunately because of
the nature of the allegories I have to
make some early presumptions I try to
stick to historical accuracy and I try
to make easy presumptions rather than
appeal to obscurity any attempt to crack
this must fall in line easily if my
understanding of the allegories is too
difficult to Peru
I must discard my line of thinking I
don't want gray areas or ambiguity at
all I do leave room for allegorical
objects like say the Whore of Babylon to
have more than one meaning however when
I crack these allegories I take them in
packages and with the Whore of Babylon
story I'm attempting to crack the Beast
and leave a trail that shows the viewer
how I got there I haven't really started
decrypting the whore yet and you'll also
notice that this series is a work in
progress
I don't have a clue as to what I'm
getting into around the corner my first
video is an excellent example of this
though revelation 17 seemed a mostly
complete description of the beast it
ended up ambiguously in order to solve
the ambiguity I had to address an early
allegory that I had skipped in the next
video on the return of Nero I cracked
the Beast in chapter 17 using Revelation
13 another description of the same
seven-headed beast this time without the
whore and another beast eventually
revelation 17 became a concrete history
based understanding of the beasts self
contained with very little room for
error and consistent with other
allegories and that's exactly what I'm
attempting to find the whole point of
cracking these allegories is to discover
what historical objects and events the
author is talking about I'm a huge fan
of clarity the authors did not have
special insight into the future
they weren't psychic they didn't have
ESP they claimed to be prophets but only
prophets in regards to the past
returning at a later date and they
obscure the meaning so as to leave the
allegories exposed to infinite
interpretation the prophetic writers are
highly misunderstood but if you take
into account that they expect the past
to repeat itself their writings begin to
make sense historically rather than
prophetically I don't like the idea of
the prophets being timeless ambiguous
Liars that are just making stuff up and
unfortunately this seems to be the other
possibility so my hope is to add clarity
to the authors and in some ways
vindicate them by putting their
understanding of things back in their
own time where they belong